gh-114099: Additions to standard library to support iOS (#117052)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-03-19-14-35-57.gh-issue-114099.siNSpK.rst

> Standard library was modified to allow for iOS platform differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify standard library to allow for iOS platform differences.
```
